README.md, before:

# everything110

**Everything Is An Object**: A website providing a narrative based on concepts of object-
oriented programming in natural language that will be familiar to children around the ages of 8-12 years.

---

## Milestone 5 Progress

- I still need to write some content in Reference
- My feedback form is unfinished
- I'd like to use CSS grid for the tutorial layout
- I haven't aligned a lot of images
- The underlines for the current section aren't there yet
- [x] All code written using [Kate](https://kate-editor.org/), a text editor developed by the KDE community
- [x] Published (using GitHub Pages) to [Everything Is An Object!](https://almondjoycam.github.io/everything110/index.html)
- [x] Home page for the site
    - There is a `project.html` that is currently representing the sitemap.
    - The homepage needs to be `index.html` to work with GitHub pages, but all parts of the site can be accessed through `project.html`.
- [x] At least 6 webpages
- [ ] Each page has at least 250 words of text
- [ ] Original work
    - It is, but I should add some citations for some of the stuff I say in `reference.html`
- [x] At least 6 images (in the `img` folder, created by me)
    - There are SVGs now!
- [x] One video: YouTube embed on `resources.html`
- [x] `meta` tags on each page
- [ ] Working form with 4-5 types of elements
    - I have a form with 3 types of elements but I need to add a few more. Also it doesn't work yet.
- [x] One page that uses tables effectively: `reference.html`
- Links:
    - [ ] One email
    - [x] One link to an **external website**: `resources.html`
    - [x] One link **within** the website: `reference.html`
    - [x] Consistent **navbar** on all pages
- [x] Consistent header with logo
    - Added site logo / styling to navbar
- [x] Consistent footer on all pages
- [x] One external style sheet
    - in `css/style.css`, but that's an empty file
- [x] Responsive to multiple screen widths
    - The navbar's flexbox is funny now
- [ ] W3C standards
- [x] Proper indentation


## Sitemap

```mermaid
%%{ init: { 'flowchart': { 'curve': 'basis' } } }%%
graph TB
    index  -->|Nav bar| index & ref & res & about & fb
    index["Home (index.html)"] ==>|Begin Button| 00
    tut ~~~ ref ~~~ res ~~~ about ~~~ fb
    ref["Reference (reference.html)"]
    about["About (about.html)"]
    res["Resources with fa:fa-video Video Embed (resources.html)"]
    fb["Feedback (feedback.html)"]
    subgraph tut["Tutorial Narrative (tut/)"]
        direction LR
        00["Page 00: Introduction"]
        01["Page 01: Secrets"] <--> 00
        02["Page 02: Chirp!"] <--> 01
        03["Page 03: Invitation"] <--> 02
        04["Page 04: Details"] <--> 03
        05["Page 05: Dinnertime"] <--> 04
        00 ~~~ 01 ~~~ 02 ~~~ 03 ~~~ 04 ~~~ 05
    end
    05 --> ref
    ref -->|Almond section| about
    sitemap["Sitemap (project.html)"]
    sitemap --- index & 00 & 01 & 02 & 03 & 04 & 05
    sitemap --- ref & res & about & fb
```

Commit message:

update readme + aside style tweaks

README.md, after:

# everything110

[**Everything Is An Object**](https://almondjoycam.github.io/everything110/index.html): A website providing a narrative based on concepts of object-
oriented programming in natural language that will be familiar to children around the ages of 8-12 years.

---

## To Do List

- [x] Reference page is updated with overrides and inherited methods
- [ ] Not really sure what to do about the feedback form.
- [ ] I'd like to use CSS grid for the tutorial layout
- [ ] I haven't aligned a lot of images
- [x] The current section is highlighted in the nav bar

## ITD 110 Final Project Information

- [x] All code written using [Kate](https://kate-editor.org/), a text editor developed by the KDE community
- [x] Published (using GitHub Pages) to [Everything Is An Object!](https://almondjoycam.github.io/everything110/index.html)
- [x] Home page for the site
    - There is a `project.html` that is currently representing the sitemap.
    - The homepage needs to be `index.html` to work with GitHub pages, but all parts of the site can be accessed through `project.html`.
- [x] At least 6 webpages
- [ ] Each page has at least 250 words of text
- [x] Original work
- [x] At least 6 images (in the `img` folder, created by me)
- [x] One video: YouTube embed on `resources.html`
- [x] `meta` tags on each page
- [ ] Working form with 4-5 types of elements
    - I have a form with 3 types of elements but I need to add a few more. Also it doesn't work yet.
- [x] One page that uses tables effectively: `reference.html`
- Links:
    - [ ] One email
    - [x] One link to an **external website**: `resources.html`
    - [x] One link **within** the website: `reference.html`
    - [x] Consistent **navbar** on all pages
- [x] Consistent header with logo
- [x] Consistent footer on all pages
- [x] One external style sheet
- [x] Responsive to multiple screen widths
- [ ] W3C standards
- [x] Proper indentation


## Sitemap

```mermaid
%%{ init: { 'flowchart': { 'curve': 'basis' } } }%%
graph TB
    index  -->|Nav bar| index & ref & res & about & fb
    index["Home (index.html)"] ==>|Begin Button| 00
    tut ~~~ ref ~~~ res ~~~ about ~~~ fb
    ref["Reference (reference.html)"]
    about["About (about.html)"]
    res["Resources with fa:fa-video Video Embed (resources.html)"]
    fb["Feedback (feedback.html)"]
    subgraph tut["Tutorial Narrative (tut/)"]
        direction LR
        00["Page 00: Introduction"]
        01["Page 01: Secrets"] <--> 00
        02["Page 02: Chirp!"] <--> 01
        03["Page 03: Invitation"] <--> 02
        04["Page 04: Details"] <--> 03
        05["Page 05: Dinnertime"] <--> 04
        00 ~~~ 01 ~~~ 02 ~~~ 03 ~~~ 04 ~~~ 05
    end
    05 --> ref
    ref -->|Almond section| about
    sitemap["Sitemap (project.html)"]
    sitemap --- index & 00 & 01 & 02 & 03 & 04 & 05
    sitemap --- ref & res & about & fb
```
